The time has come.
Show your wings...
Stern Ritters!
Nobody can take anything
away from me.
Everything in this world
exists for me to take it.
The Soul King is no exception.
"SEAL"
Let's go, my children!
Oh, my darling, I don't even know
where my heart has gone
And I've forgotten
that dream I once had
Becoming an adult =
keeping a public face and bluffing?
Tell me, what is reflected
in the painted-over mirror?
Your photo is starting to fade
Leaving me, as I change
I'll shout at the top of my voice
as it pierces through the night
Burning my chest,
formless fear and all
It's okay if I can't laugh
like that day
Sadness, scars, everything...
I want to take them all with me
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
You can't kill my vibe, oh baby
Burning out now,
like a shooting star
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
I see...
So, this must be
the additional power
shared with you
through the Auswählen...
That's why your bullet
that couldn't reach me before
is now able to punch a hole
through my body, yeah...?
You've got two things wrong.
The first is that
this is not an additional power.
It is a power I've always possessed
that I merely did not have time
to use earlier.
And the second is that your body
wasn't pierced by a bullet.
That's why it can't be blocked
no matter how many walls
you put up.
The name of my power is "X-Axis."
There are no bullets.
It uniformly penetrates
everything in-between
the muzzle of my gun
and the target.
Mind lining up in a single file?
That way I can kill you all
with a single shot.
Slumbering too soon
has its disadvantages...
Dead morning!
Everybody, my buddies!
He's not dead
even after you shot him?
He's a stubborn one.
Were you expecting
to make a comeback win
just because you grew some wings?
Don't underestimate the five of us.
We're stronger than the entire
13 Court Guard Squads put together!
You're living in a dream world
if you think you can enter
the Royal Palace.
All right, let's go!
You're attached to that knife,
aren't you?
That toy won't work on me.
What an odd thing to say.
Shigarami...
You should watch your words,
or it will pierce a hole
through your tongue.
I'm going to be showing you
some real hospitality!
Heavenly Flash!
Kinpika!
Now that's dazzling...
Hold still, damn it!
No way!
You're a fatally bad
matchup for me!
Good grief...
You don't seem to realize
how generous I've been.
Yhw, I went through the trouble
to cut your power in half
for your own sake...
After all, you would lose face
to the Quincies
if I crushed you
while you were at full strength!
Though reputation isn't
worth a damn once you're dead.
Hyapporankan!
Blut Vene Aufheben!
Secret Hado Number 3: Teppusatsu!
Gotcha!
You touched me.
Unbelievable...
Not only did you trespass into
the Royal Palace,
you even trespass into
the body of a Squad Zero member,
the vassal of the Soul King...
Enough of your insolence,
you lowly human.
Time for your punishment.
Paint it Black...
Ichimonji.
What's the matter?
Can't tell if you're seeing
a brush or a blade?
What's with that blade?
It just splashes ink around
and doesn't cut a thing!
Is it a blade that can cut names
in half like you did earlier?
But you should already know by now
that I can restore names and powers
you've cut in half...
through the use of my own power!
You cannot defeat me
with that blade.
I'm going to use my... to...
Hm?
What was that?
What's the name of that sword?
You wouldn't know.
Or rather, you do know...
That your sword has no name.
Anything painted over by Ichimonji
loses its name.
That without a name has no power.
And your sword and cross
have no names.
Did you really think
you could kill me with those?
You can't kill my heart
with that small needle!
What?!
Whoa!
It's not just our powers
that's a bad matchup for you!
You're also slower than me!
I also said this
to the funky guy back there...
But you shouldn't underestimate me.
It could be fatal, see?
What?
The blade slip right through?
That's a strange technique
you're using!
My eyes have gotten
used to your speed.
The next one will end this.
Yooo!
It seems you're quick
to resign yourself.
You can't shoot, can you?
Not at Y.H.!
You took the shot...
So why is Y.H. unharmed?
I thought I told you...
My "X-Axis" uniformly penetrates
everything in-between
the muzzle of my gun
and the target.
I see...
Then I shall steal your power!
Not with something without a name,
but with my own power!
Sankt Altar!
Your "black" has become
my own power...
You call this being stronger than
the entire 13 Court Guard Squads?
This is laughable.
Hasty, aren't we?
We've yet to use the strength
of even one Court Guard Squad, yo.
The Royal Special Task Force
that protects the Soul King
can't let some Quincies
get the better of them!
Now get up, Squad Zero!
Everybody!
Senjumaru...
You'll be the one to kill them.
Oh?
Are you sure?
Since you have a thousand arms,
six people should be easy.
Just don't overdo it.
That goes without saying.
We'll show you how Squad Zero
gets serious.
They killed themselves?!
You didn't stand a chance against us
when there were four of you.
What can you do all by yourself?
Even the slightest use
of our powers would cause
the heaven and earth
of the three worlds to tremble.
Because of that,
we linked our lives to one another
to seal away our true swords.
And now,
in exchange for three of our lives,
the blood oath seal
has been broken...
Prepare yourself.
Bankai.
Shatatsu Karagara Shigaraminotsuji.
Thump... Thump...
Rattle... Rattle...
Thump...
Rattle, rattle...
Unravel one hank,
Abundant Blooming of Eyes.
Sightless be to any
who gaze upon their might.
Unravel two hanks...
Oh, come on...
What the heck is this?
Armor of Blade Steel.
And you, unable to bear its weight,
are forever sealed.
Unravel three hanks...
Bowels of Black Sand.
Pulled in by those hands...
you meet your end.
Unravel four hanks...
What a petty trick.
I shall cut right through—
Freezing Bed Linens.
Succumb to their slumber...
and never stir again.
Unravel five hanks, Burning Field.
Until you turn to ash...
there is no escape.
Unravel six hanks...
Star of the Dark Night.
Absorbed by its abyss...
and led into the afterlife.
Now take a quick look,
you villains...
as I bind off and release
the cloths from this loom.
Shidenorokushikiukimonnohata.
My power is "Black."
Once I unleash Ichimonji...
Soul Reapers, Quincies,
the dead and the living...
It doesn't matter who you are.
All the "Black" in this world...
becomes mine.
Yhwach.
Or rather,
the one who used to be Yhwach.
Losing your name must be agonizing.
Poor fellow.
How about...
I give you a name!
Shinuchi Shirafude Ichimonji.
If I had to use
the more modern term,
I guess this would be
called a Bankai.
After all, this was
the first evolved Zanpakuto
that was around far before
Bankai existed in the world.
This sword can etch a new name
on whatever is painted over
by Ichimonji.
"BLACK ANT"
Now how do you feel, "Black Ant,"
who was formerly known as Yhwach?
Your power is like that of
a black ant
that crawls on the ground—
a frail and fleeting life.
I... I never imagined...
Yes.
You couldn't have imagined.
The extent of the difference
in our power.
And this is where your fate ends.
You will bear the weight of
the lives of all the Soul Reapers
you’ve killed...
and be crushed to death
like the black ant that you are!
King of the bugs...
Farewell.
All at once, the lights went out
Reminding me
with a voice
and I cannot move
Unable to convey even a millimeter
of the lines that I dubbed
All lines
that I don't want to forget
Rewound
Repeated
Became a mark
And I notice the dust
I wait and wait
But it won't start
If it's already ended
I give up
But can I
borrow your shoulder?
With that knife
that was left behind
Pierce it through
Still
in the middle of a dream,
We kept searching
For the scar that
the revolving world remembers
With just the strong desire
to keep on living
We'll choose a tomorrow
that will not return
In just a little while
The final curtain will fall
Shining upon us
The blurred end roll
Long time no BLEACH!
How long has it been?
To all the ladies!
Oh, and guys too...
The wait is over!
It's me, the King of New York,
aka Kon!
Did you guys enjoy
the Part 2 finale?
Well, guess what?
Today, we're bringing back
the mega-popular "Illustrated Guide
to Soul Reapers"!
I picked out some special footage
of Ichigo and his friends
doing all sorts of stuff!
You can thank me later.
Okay, now let's get started!
Illustrated Guide to Soul Reapers!
"It's Been a While!"
SQUAD 12 BARRACKS
"Can't fix it"?
A destroyed Bankai
can never be restored.
What?!
Then what should I do?
It's me.
Huh?
Come back here!
Catch him!
Move, move, move, move, move!
Oh, crap!
I just punted somebody!
Wait... Ichigo?
Hey, you're...
Who are you?
Who am I?!
I know it's been a while,
but come on!
Can't you tell?
It's me!
Just look at this cute face!
And this cute face!
And finally, this cute face!
I am the King of New York...
aka Kon!
R-Right...
What can I say...
I haven't seen you in a while,
but you've grown big?
Stop!
Don't sugarcoat it just because
you feel sorry
for what I've become!
Hear me out, Ichigo!
My recent history of suffering...
So as I was saying...
Damn it!
He's going back to the main plot!
He's small now!
Get him!
Come with me, Ichigo Kurosaki.
The great Squad Zero is coming.
"Memories of You-Know-Where."
HYOSUBE'S RIDEN – TRAINING GROUNDS
Yes, this is Kuchiki!
Uh-huh...
Really?!
Thank you, sir!
Who is it?
It was from Sir Kirinji!
He says my brother has recovered!
He recovered?!
Thank goodness...
Wait, that means he'll eat,
train his sword, and then...
...go there.
That place was awful...
A measurement from hell.
Yeah...
I was stripped naked.
I don't even want to
think about it.
Renji? Hey, why are you
trying to remember it?
No! Don't do it!
Renji!
SHUTARA'S RIDEN
– Say what?
– Don't respond with a question.
You heard me.
I said take off
your loincloth, too.
Wait a minute!
We're taking measurements
for a Shihakusho, right?
Why can't we do that
with my loincloth on?
I see... All right.
I understand.
I'll take measurements
after I remove your jewels.
Okay!
I'm taking it off right now!
You back, Renji?!
Thank goodness...
I'm glad you didn't reach the part
where you took it off!
But your tragedy aside...
It pains me to think my brother
has to go through
the same humiliation...
My tragedy aside?
Poor Brother...
Now that's more like it...
They need to show
more of this kind of stuff!
All this tension between
the Soul Reapers and Quincies
going about their final battle
and separation, yadda, yadda...
It's way too serious, man!
So I put my perfect taste
to good use
by bringing you this special bonus
to go with the Part 2 finale.
For those of you watching this
in front of the screen,
show your appreciation with
a round of applause and cheering.
And that's all for today.
Stay on the edge of your seats
so you can see me next time!
Bye!